# Time_Series_Classification

Due to their natural temporal ordering, time-series data are present in almost every task that requires some sort of human cognitive process. Given the need to accurately classify time series data, researchers have proposed hundreds of methods to solve this task. While we know that Neural Networks have had great success in most classification problems, Time Series Classification has been considered as one of the most challenging problems in data mining. With the increase of temporal data availability, hundreds of TSC algorithms have been proposed since 2015. This is surprising as deep learning has seen very successful applications in the last years. DNNs have indeed revolutionized the field of computer vision especially with the advent of novel deeper architectures such as Residual and Convolutional Neural Networks. Apart from images, sequential data such as text and audio can also be processed with DNNs to reach state-of-the-art performance for document classification and speech recognition

This project reviews the most successful deep learning applications in various time series domains under a unified taxonomy of DNNs for Time-series Classification. I will close by discussing one application in depth: Gesture Recognition

This report first summarizes each paper, and it has been broken down into subtopics to improve readability, and criticism is added towards the end of each summary. The last paper is a deep dive into the application of Time Series Classification to incorporate learning real-world application. The report concludes with how each paper and their topics are relevant to coursework in Pattern Analysis &amp; Machine intelligence. 
